dx-1212 Consistent payer terminology part 1 (#688)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/card-purchase.md

| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`intent`                  | `string`      | `Authorization`. Reserves the amount, and is followed by a [cancellation][cancel] or [capture][capture] of funds.<br> <br> `AutoCapture`. A one phase option that enable capture of funds automatically after authorization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> |                  | └➔&nbsp;`paymentToken`            | `string`      | If you enter a paymentToken here, the payment page will preload the stored payment data related to the `paymentToken`, and the payer can complete the purchase without having to enter all card data. This is called a "One Click" purchase.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: This sentence reads very strange to me and "the payment page will reload" is blatantly false, isn't it?

Author: It says preload, not reload :) If you enter a paymentToken which has been "activated" by a previous payment, the card will appear masked as a stored card, with the CVC as the only field that needs input.

But I agree that the wording is a bit awkward. I can re-phrase it for sure.

Author: If I understood your question correctly?

Reviewer: I see. "Prefilled" is a term used elsewhere, so perhaps that's better?

Reviewer: Will you rephrase it in this PR or in another?

Author: I'll fix it here 👍

Author: Better? :)

Reviewer: Much! 👏

> |                  | └➔&nbsp;`paymentToken`            | `string`      | If you enter a paymentToken here, the payment page will preload the stored payment data related to the `paymentToken`, and the payer can complete the purchase without having to enter all card data. This is called a "One Click" purchase.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
|                  | └➔&nbsp;`paymentToken`            | `string`      | If a `paymentToken` is included in the request, the card details stored in the `paymentToken` will be prefilled on the payment page. The payer still has to enter the `cvc` to complete the purchase. This is called a "One Click" purchase.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
